# The-story-of-ADAM
Its is adam and our storyyes
ok so it hapened al leik dis so basicokly we werere inb4 3rd graydda and we arguaged about club penguin and xdddd so kill me so we 
arguesd about it and then bedcame friends and went on the field trips it was fun rip my english language
russian language
yes
So in 8th grade or so we found eaCH OTHERA over facebook and became friends again yay skype and 
his mom remairede and he airstsfotso now with his greenhotrnedt and wantnede a gayming pc so  he got juan and we
leik to play arma k bye ahve fun love me
okay am contineue this stoy hue hue hue
nvm
Okay nevermind about that nevermind. Right now Adam is sick and I think he is staying home. I'm not so sure. He is complaining of a horrible sore throat and he even think is was bleeding. He said it felt like razors. I wish him the best of luck. I also think he should get to the doctor because he could be contagious hue hue. Hopefully he doesn't get Axl sick.
Also, notice how most of Adam's family has A's in their name. Axl. Adamn. Alex.

falin leik dat gropcies okay so adam fels badtosday less seick but al;so throuat pain still feall pain still yes we gort micspamming 2 workd 2day exx dee k also were goeting back into cs:go. Is fun. We are now going to play GMOD Prop Hunt. It is 9:32pm 10/24/2015. Today I also went to the mall with my sister and her daughter my niece Riley. We went trick or treating. I should be getting paid about $10 for following along.

Today is Sunday 10/25/2015 10:46 pm. Adam is doing something. Today he feels almost better, but still pretty sick. He has noticed cracks on his tongue, a fissured tongue. He doesn't know if he is going to school tomorrow, since he is still sick and feels bad, but he also has a lot of missing assignments or something. I hope for the best. Signing off now.

Its Tuesday 10/27/2015. 8:32 am in french class. Adam felt bad yesterday because His girlfriend, Lily, never really acknolwlesdges him. It's complitcated. He is going to confront her today. There is this kid from the UK at his school, and everyone loves him. Mostly the girls. He dresses like a normal fag, and he is also gay. Adam says He's short. This kid is a problem. The only reason he is popular is because he's gay and from a different country. He is only visiting, and all he does is disrupt class and stays on his phone. Signing off now.

adam is sad now

It's 10/30/15 8:24 AM, The other day Adam was really sad. I should have put a date. He felt like he was drowning in assignments. I talked to him and did a few. Last night we also did one. He's talked with trevor. He and Lily might break up, he put things reminding of her in a shoe box. He also took sad music and removed it from his spotify. I think this will help. k now hav 2 go finish gay powerpoint k bye 

11/2/14 7:47 am Adam is feeling better, Lilly left him, he downloaded GTA 5 and he needed a damn code. He downloaded a torrent last night and unpacked it throughout the night. I am hoping it works. During halloween, I went to a big party, Saw boobs. Was cold. k bye

11/4/15 10:30 AM Wednesday. I am in theater class. Adam was feeling alright yesterday. He misses Lily. Oh, and he was pointing how shitty the schools security is, and how easy a shooter could cause damage. His friend talked to him and told Adam that he over heard " Adam " and " Shooting ". He got  some calls last night. He couldn't ride the bus today and to go to the office when he gets to school. His mom will be there with him. THEY ACTUALLY THINK THAT ADAM WILL SHOOT UP THE SCHOOL! I mean what the hell. Adam just can't seem to get a break. His mom and him will explain it. Tim and his mom said he shouldn't worry about it much. Maybe the school will actually take his advice and have better security. For the excercise in case there is an intruder, they have the kids walk through a chokepoint. Pathetic. Also, since it is the beginning of a new grading period, I have told Adam to do his homework, but he didn't. This is an action he will regret. It will only snowball and bite him in the ass later. Farewell.

Today, 10:59PM, 11/8/15, Adam and I played CS:S while talking about his relationship. Was fun. He beat me with dullettas. Also Adam finished most of his homework, but he needs to do tonights assignments. It sucks that his school has 7 periods a day, and not 4 for one day and 4 for the other. It helps us get our work done.

11/11/15 10:04 am G4 English. MR Howard is so cool. Okay so Adam wants to go to my school, but is nervous that it is too big. I have assured him that it is big, but it feels small because classes. In order to go to my school, my mom or sister needs to sign a fourm that says we are trusted to his family. His mom can drive him. Adam had a good day yesterday because he talked to the nice lady. I forget her name and I can't spell counseler or something. I hope we get similar classes.

11/12/15 4:42 PM. Listening to Neighborhood Sniper Eazy-E. Pretty good. Today Adam stayed home. He got up and started a shower and when he went to get a towel, he gave his mom this sorry glare, so she let him go back to bed. He got up around 11. Basically he played some games. Not bad. He is getting over Lily now that he hasn't seen her in a few days. We played some CS:S and he had to go to see his newborn Cousin. He just called me. We are in a call now and he is telling me why. Brb. He went to get some food and spilled some food on his shirt. He cleaned up and Axl shit on his sweatshirt because his mom wears it her exuse is " ITS COMFORTABLE " And they keep talking about poop while he is eating. Kristin stuck her tongue out when Adam told her to stop talking about poop. Adam said " You're this close " and his mom said " this close to what " and smiled. Apperantly this pisses Adam off. We are now going to play some CS:S.

Wow it's been a bit. 11/16/15. I went to Adam's house. Alex was there. I brought my laptop and basically uninstalled everything but CSGO. Adam gave me his old phone and a DVI to VGA adaptor. Nice dual monitors. Adam finally got to level three and we played some comp. Was real fun. Adam's stepdad got arrested the other day. He was working hard around the house all day while Adam's mom was basically just watching TV. When he said something about this, she went a bit crazy. Punched a hole in a wall. Clawed at Tim. Even though she was the aggressor, Tim got arrested. He also was high on pills and resiested arrest. Please excuse spelling, I's and E's are hard. His little sister said a " Joke " and it was " Why did the cow cross the road with a gun? So it could shoot itself infront of everyone ". I know it's weird. I am trying out spotify premium. I will probably actually buy it. Not sure. It downloaded a bunch of songs, and then deleted them, so that's annoying. I am not sure when Adam is going home, as his mom picks him up late where as Tim is early. And they were supposed to go to his cousins today to see a baby I think. Not too sure. I will try to keep updating.

11/19/15, 7:47 am. French class. I can't write for long, and it's a long story. Long story short, Adam got sent to Meadows yesterday. Godspeed. I will explain more later.

11/19/15, 10:52 am. Basically, yesterday when I was in theater, I got called out of class. This lady took me to the office, and this older lady and a man and her had an iPad and started talking about how the things I post on face book are innapropiate for school. No shit. They said something that I understood, and that is how these things can be a red flag. If I explained the edgyness of the memes, and if they had sound on, they might understand more. They said that Adam got talked too aswell. Remember how he got in trouble for pointing out the bad security? Well they have been watching his facebook. He changed his last name to Adam Klebold. Not a good idea with all the things going on in this world. And since I am his best friend, and I also am edgy, they just wanted to make sure we weren't in on anything. Looking at it, it is pretty silly. I laughed and thought how it totally looks like a bad situation from their perspective. Everything was good and what not. I will be extra careful when it comes to posting edgy stuff. I then learned when I got home, Adam was sent to Meadows mental health clinic. The same one Ali and my sister went too. It sucks because I heard horrible things from it, and also that he is going to spend half of thanksgiving break. He should be back next wednesday. So a week in there. Godspeed. Also, I think it is good because it might help him. I hope it does. His family does have a gun, but it's in a safe. Adam was prescribed Zoloft too. We will play many comp games when he gets back.

Wow I am hella sorry for not updating this. 12/2/15. Basically, adam got sent to Meadows, for a week, and I didn't feel like updating this. He has a lot of stories to tell. I will put a very detailed list of stories in here. He didn't get prescribed Zoloft, it is some other medicine. He is feeling a lot better, and believes he is alpha. That's cool. He is over Lily, and a bright future is ahead of him... except his dad got charged with child neglect for usiing Axl as a shield, so Adam can't see Tim for a while. Now he is staying at his aunts for this week, and then living with his cousin for a while. Hopefully soon we can get a good skype call in.
